[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're with Richard Doty,
a retired Special Agent who
served in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately
involved with UFO
ET-related intelligence.
Today we speak about what is
going on with the government
and disclosure.
Richard, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
Good to be here.
>> What do you know about the
classified portion of the UP
report that was shared with
some senators and congressmen?
>> Well, there's select groups
of researchers out there
who've gotten together.
And some of them are quasi
connected to the government.
And they're being supportive
of the Congressional,
both the House side
and the Senate side,
in the investigation
and future disclosure
of information pertaining to
extraterrestrial, UFO, UAP
information.
Now, this report
was accomplished
by a number of different
people, both from within
and from outside the government.
>> So they had help.
>> They had a lot of help,
people gathering information,
old reports, and I'll talk
about that here in a minute,
and trying to put it all
together and make a sensible
disclosure at some point.
And how they did this is, they
went out and talked and spoke
with intelligence
officers like myself.
And lo and behold, they had
some of our old reports.
And ironically, the reports were
so redacted, which amazed me.
As I'm trying to explain
this report to a government
official, but he's looking
at a redacted report.
>> A different one.
>> Now I'm not sure if I can
tell him what I know about
the report because
I was the author.
It was my report.
I authored the report.
And what I could tell
him over the phone?
So anyways, we got
together in person.
And we shared everything we
could share with him regarding
these reports.
There was just not me.
There were many other
intelligence officers
both from Officer
Naval intelligence,
from Air Force intelligence,
from Defense Intelligence
Agency, from the Central
Intelligence Agency, case
officer reports,
CIA reports that
went back as far as
back in the 1970s
that were experiencing
contacts inside Laos,
about these strange beings
that were being encountered
by local villagers
who were then reported
to the paramilitary case
officer, the CIA guy.
>> Such a massive conglomerate
to control all that.
Plus as you said, the different
agents and officers, but ones
that are not around anymore.
Who can actually
talk about that?
>> That's right because a
lot of these case officers,
paramilitary case officers,
intelligence officers,
OSI agents, they're gone.
They die.
So they're not around.
The reports are still there.
And ironically, the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations
or even the CIA
won't declassify these things.
>> They're holding on to it.
>> And there's probably some
reasons why that I'm not aware
of.
And so they're trying to push
into this report everything
that makes sense, where the
public can make sense of it
and accept it.
Now that in itself
is a major problem
because you're trying
to satisfy society
that has so many different
likes and dislikes.
And especially nowadays, nobody
can agree on almost anything.
Not even Congress can agree
on anything, let alone
the American people,
who the government
wants to give them disclosure.
So I think the
rational way that they
decided to do this was
start historically speaking.
So they decided, we'll go
back to that point in history,
where we, the Earth,
first realized
that we might be visited
by extraterrestrials.
And of course, the incident
over Washington by Arnold,
who saw these things flying
that he called flying saucers,
is before Roswell,
slightly before.
And then the Roswell
incident happened.
And a lot of the information
about the Roswell incident,
the Roswell and Corona crash,
is known to the public.
In fact, a select
number of people
within the government that's
involved in this disclosure
actually saw this film.
They sat down, and
it was shown to them.
Now the original
film was 32 minutes.
This film was recorded by a
nonprofessional photographer,
an army officer who
was a lieutenant.
He wasn't trained
in photography.
It was 32 minutes.
They cut out 15 minutes because
that 15 minutes that they
cut out was nothing
more than views
of the ground, Earth, the sky.
>> That's good to
know for the audience,
so later on, when
it's available,
it's not something
they're hiding.
>> Exactly.
So when they cut it down to
the relevant portions of it,
it was 17 minutes.
And that shows
inside of the tent,
the navigational controls,
the hand controls,
the communications
device, the ET bodies.
A lot of this has
already been leaked out.
It's already been on
the internet years ago.
In fact, one
particular piece of it
showing the inside of the
tent and President Truman
was leaked by Stan Friedman.
Somebody gave him that
portion of the film.
But the pictures of the bodies
of the extraterrestrials,
the one live one sitting next
to a rock, that's all in there.
>> So they are choosing at
their own discretion a timeline
of specifics that can
be, I'll say, proven.
>> That's the plan.
>> OK.
What the eventual disclosure
is, we don't know.
But the full
consensus of everyone
that I've ever spoken to--
one particular senator who
is prominent in
this, he's saying
that the best place
to start is Roswell.
>> Right.
>> Now I'm sure they're going to
talk about the Kingman incident
because that's a
prominent incident.
That is, there's a lot of
evidence to the Kingman
incident and others,
crash sites in Nevada,
crash sites in Arizona,
crash sites in Wyoming,
crash site in Montana.
These crashes, there's
well-documented cases.
Wendelle Stevens, Lieutenant
Colonel Wendelle Stevens
retired, was on the
first crash recovery
team, the down
aircraft recovery team.
He documented so
many different things
that now the government has.
Unfortunately,
Wendelle's passed away.
And even somebody
that could have
supported that, Robert Dean, his
sidekick, has also passed away.
So we're losing a
lot of research here.
And so we have the reports.
We have the documentation that
the Air Force or the Space
Command has somewhat released.
But then again, it hasn't been.
It's still redacted.
>> How many of these reports
do you believe are going to be
added to this timeline?
And also, the timeline
itself, what's
going to be the latest that
they're going to put on that
timeline from today?
>> That's a good question.
I wish I knew.
I'm sure it's in there.
I wish I could disclose the
entire classified, everything
that's in that that I know of.
And I don't know it all.
Obviously, I don't
know everything,
but there's a lot of
information about current events
that might come into play.
For instance, one of
the things that I've
talked about on this program
and Cosmic Disclosure
is what the DIA, Defense
Intelligence Agency,
disclosed regarding
known ET races.
And there are five of
them that I talk about.
I did programming about it.
But now they're talking about 7.
There's two extras.
I don't know about those two.
I never was briefed into them.
But sometime or somehow between
1985, '86 time frame, and 2023,
two more extraterrestrial
races are
known to have been in contact
with us, the United States
government, at least Earth.
I'm not saying,
maybe our government.
It maybe some other
government that we know of.
So now there's seven.
Now I know there's
people out there--
>> It's growing.
>> --will jump up and yell and
scream that there's thousands
of races.
Well, I know now of seven.
And hopefully they're
going to disclose that.
And I don't know
how they're going
to do that because
somehow they're
going to have to do
this in a way that
is acceptable to the people
because there could be panic.
It could be--
>> That's a lot of information.
>> And plus, the
religious aspects of it.
They have to think about that.
And I'm sure they have, people
within the Vatican and other--
in fact, I know they do
have a religious people that
are working on this.
I'm not working on it with them,
but I know that they're there.
And so I just assume that
there must be figuring out, OK,
if you're going to
tell us that there's
seven extraterrestrial races
that the Earth has contact
with, how's the public
going to react to this?
That's a good question.
The five that I've spoken
about, and then you
have these other two races.
One is humanoid, apparently
come from the Pleiades.
And they look human.
They look exactly like a human.
They have long hair, and their
ears are different somehow.
And I don't know
how exactly how.
And the seventh one is a small
and robust brown-skinned,
hardened skinned, and
hardened features.
>> So it's still skin.
It's not like an insectoid
hard layer like an extraderm.
>> No.
As I understand,
it's just hardened
and a different texture.
I think the person that
was explaining this
to me said, as if they
came from a planet that
had a rough atmosphere,
that maybe a brighter sun,
and there's somehow
protected their skin.
And that that's why
their skin is hardened.
And that that's what
was explained to me.
I haven't seen actual
pictures of it yet.
Now as I understand,
that we might already--
there's already a lot of
evidence from the past
that we've known about
these two other races.
I didn't know about them.
I've never heard about those.
I've heard about the
humanoids, the blond-haired.
But they could have been mixed
up with one of the other five
races.
>> OK, yes.
>> So is the release by
the government entity,
whichever entity
it's going to be,
whether it's going to be a
congressional one or a military
one, whether you're going to
include these two or describe
exactly who they are or
where they come from.
That's the question I
wish I could answer.
I wish I had the
answers right now.
>> With the mention of
these two new species,
have you heard anything
about their intentions,
their benevolence?
>> They're both benevolent.
They're nonhostile.
And they have contributed
to our technology.
>> And who are they working
with with that then?
>> I would think DIA or DARPA
or an entity within DARPA.
DARPA is an organization
that contracts things out.
But they do have
a secret branch.
You can look it up.
There's no explanation
of what it is.
And that's I think
the ET portion.
There's some maybe connections
between maybe ambassadors
from an ET race that
comes here and works
in that particular
arena to try to advance
our technology from
their technology
or allow us to understand
their technology.
Of course, as I
said earlier, they
have different science
and different math.
And they come from
different planets.
They probably have different
elements, not all our elements,
probably most of our--
on the periodic table,
118 or whatever it is now.
But I'm sure they
probably have others.
And they've probably
developed, and I know this,
they've developed ways to
combine different elements
in ways we can't today.
And we can't combine
one particular element
with another.
They have methods to do that.
And if you can do that, and
there's scientists out there
that know this,
if you can advance
our understanding of the
elements, such as argon gas
is the most plentiful
gas that we have,
how you can combine
that with another gas
and make something that they can
make that can propel something.
And we can't yet.
So these are the things that
I think they're probably
trying to help us.
And we probably have
ambassadors there,
and they have ambassadors here.
>> Everyone's getting trained.
>> Everybody's getting trained.
>> Back to the two
types of species,
does the government actually
refer to them as Pleiadians?
>> Yes.
The government classifies
the one or the sixth group
as Pleiadians.
As I understand, we had a
Pleiadian craft in captivity
at Area 51.
Now I don't know when we got it.
But it was some years ago,
probably during the time
I was at Area 51 or before that.
Maybe we found it
at a crash site.
I don't know that.
>> You've seen
that documentation?
>> Yeah, I saw that.
We have one.
Now jump ahead, now we
have someone, the species.
The Pleiadians, we
have their craft.
We can't understand it.
Now we have them here to
explain that to us, at least try
to assist us in
the understanding
of their technology and how we
can reverse engineer or even
use it in our benefit.
Not only are they helping us
in understanding technology,
they want us to understand why
they are like us because they
look human.
They're human-looking entities.
And although I don't
know this right now,
but I think they're providing us
with information that we could
maybe check their DNA
and so forth and so on,
medically speaking.
But I'm sure that's the next
stage if they haven't already
done that.
>> Yeah, and see the
lineage possibly,
if we are associated
with them or vise versa.
While mentioning these species,
what's the population of them?
Is there 1, 2?
Is there 10,000 of
these beings here?
>> That's a good question.
I asked my source.
During a conference call, many
people asked the same question.
And it wasn't answered.
They're here.
They are here.
I would interpret that
to mean more than one
are here assisting
on planet Earth.
I don't know where they live.
I don't know if they're
living in an outer atmosphere
or they travel back and forth.
Maybe they have a bungalow out
of Area 51 or some other place.
And I'm not joking about that.
Maybe they have facilities for
these ET races to live here.
I know that at one point, when
I was at Area 51 in the '80s,
we had a containment facility
called S2 annex, which
was northwest of Papoose Lake.
And they had some
entities there.
Now one of the things that was
asked during this conference
call by somebody
other than me was,
what's common among
all the 7 entities that
have visited Earth or that
we have had contact with?
And the one common thing
is they all require water.
Water is a universal
need for the universe.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
So every planet has
some form of water,
whether it's the same
concentration that ours is.
Which there's some conjecture.
I know the five other
races and one particular,
the Archquloids, their
water is a bit different.
They had maybe three parts
hydrogen or something
to that effect.
But even the one
particular species
that required a little
bit of methane to breathe,
they still had water.
So I thought that
was ironic, that we
do have a commonality
among at least the seven
that we know of.
And that's water.
>> Is there any commonality with
DNA of these species and human
DNA?
>> I believe there is, but
I don't have the scientific
background, nor did I have any
clearance to understand it.
Now, speaking amongst
intelligence officers
around the coffee pot,
so to speak, and even
in the conference rooms that
we're talking, that subject
is constantly being brought up.
What's the commonality of DNA?
Are we connected in any
way to any of these seven
that we know of?
And there is an answer to that.
But unfortunately
I don't know it.
We do know that every
one of the species,
or I should say the five species
that I knew about had DNA.
But their DNA strands--
and I don't understand DNA.
So something's different.
As a trained
intelligence officers,
one talking to another,
not being scientific,
somebody said, the
strands are different.
They have DNA, but their
strands are different than ours.
Now I think one of the things
that we really have to look at
is the Pleiades, the
blonds, they look so human,
they must have something
extremely similar to ours.
And I can't wait to find out.
>> Yeah.
It only makes sense.
Back in the '90s,
in the projects,
we did notice that
extraterrestrials
had DNA, human DNA.
And humans had
certain percentages
of extraterrestrial DNA.
And that was way back then.
So today, I'm sure they
have special teams just
for that and still searching.
>> Well, of course, this
brings up another area.
I don't know if we
want to go into that,
is what we know
about humans walking
this Earth with alien DNA.
That's the whole new arena now.
And that we know that
there's some people,
unbeknownst to them,
have alien DNA.
>> Correct.
>> And that's been proven.
I've been in cases
where this has happened,
that a person being
tested for something
is found to have known DNA.
Now the question there is,
I'm sure the viewers are
going to say, well, what are
you talking about known DNA?
>> Do I have it?
>> We know what alien DNA is.
We know it because we had them.
We had five species.
We know what their DNA is.
And over the years, there's been
genetic scientists and others
that have delved into this and
have done so much research.
There was countless number
of DARPA projects relating
to this.
And so we went out and
started testing people.
And one of the things that
we know that is being done
is military recruits,
when they're
going through basic training,
they get inoculated.
One of the things that
they do when they're
given these inoculations
is they take something
from every single
one of the recruits.
>> Absolutely.
>> And they're testing it.
And what are they testing for?
They're testing DNA.
Now every military recruit now
gets a DNA test besides that.
But they're looking at
one particular thing.
They're looking at, is
there a particular band
or whatever DNA,
I'm layman talking
about DNA, something that
could identify them as alien.
>> They're trying to track
that lineage and find out who
belongs to those first families.
>> Exactly.
So it's been spoken
about in books
and by scientists, that
we are star people.
Our bodies and everything in
our bodies is from the stars.
This planet Earth is
made from the stars,
made from things from all over.
This Earth, during its early
days, billions of years
ago, was bombarded with
things from other parts
of the universe.
And then we are
developed from here.
Now, there's also this theory
among some military scientists,
and not just military,
there's civilian scientists,
but I only know the
military portion of this.
I know the military scientists
have an idea, a theory,
I should say a theory, that
human beings were planted here.
Now, were they planted here
by the Pleiadians, the Ebens?
We don't know.
Rather than we being
developed from the apes
and going through that
evolutionary process,
they think, based on
DNA, based on another--
many other things, that
we were placed here.
But there are some, and
I know that other groups,
some scientists that I'm
very, very good friends with,
Dr. Puthoff and
others, that believe
that maybe the ape species
was somehow manipulated.
So the evolutionary process
of humans went through them.
And it was manipulated by
an extraterrestrial race.
Now how do we explain--
this is a question that I have.
How do we explain that
there's people out there, just
normal everyday
people walking around,
a secretary in an
office, a garbage
collector or any human being,
and when they're tested,
they have alien DNA?
How do we explain that?
How do we explain where
does it come from?
Does that mean that
they were developed
through a hybrid process?
>> Right.
Exactly.
A multitude of
species maybe possibly
could have kept making different
hybridization programs.
So let's say we started out
as one segment of the DNA.
And then we got cross matched
with another hybridization
program.
And then another species
came to upgrade us.
And then another one came.
So there is a possibility,
it's a multitude
of different species
is what I'm getting at.
>> That answers it.
Yeah, that answers that.
It could very well
be that that's
what these scientists
are talking about.
You can test 50 people, and
they all have plain human DNA.
And you go over here
and test these other 50,
and some of them have alien
or they all have alien DNA.
They have some kind
of band or whatever.
>> Yeah.
The testing is very specific.
I'm glad you brought
that up for the viewers
because you just
can't go get tested
to see if you're
an extraterrestrial
or how much of that genetic
composition you have.
These are classified
genetic programs
that the government controls.
So you can't use one of
these online services
like many people do to find out
what their lineages comes from.
It doesn't pick up on that.
But all those services do
report to the governments.
>> And I think maybe
I understated this.
You just can't go out
and get a DNA test
and figure it was alien.
That can't happen.
There's specific
tests that are done
by the government
in a particular way
in specialized laboratories
that are protected by the United
States government.
And only the DNA testing
on a particular person,
where they're looking for a
possible alien strand or band,
can be done by the
government laboratory.
It can't be done by
a civilian laboratory
because there's
specific ways to do it.
But what they can find
out, as I understand,
is it can determine,
OK, they tested you,
and you have alien DNA.
The next question is, which
one, which specific species
do you have?
And as I understand,
they can distinguish
which one is more prevalent.
Now I don't know
the answer to that.
But I know that they can
determine which of the species
that we know about.
Now there's seven.
Back when I was in government
service, only five.
But they could determine which
ones because we've done so many
tests.
We have advanced this process
in studying DNA technology so
much, specifically in the
area of finding the alien DNA,
that now we can distinguish
which band of DNA
you have that's alien,
whether it's from an Eben
or an Archquloid or Apaloid or--
>> A good point that you made to
me earlier that we talked about
is actually, you have your
own frequency thumbprint.
And we can just touch
a little bit on that
because that's how
they're doing it now.
It's not so much to
even need the DNA,
but that DNA holds its own
frequency, which you already
know.
And if we're allowed to
talk about that if you want,
that our own frequency has been
put in a database to follow us
or to heal us, many different
things they use that for.
>> A fascinating area that
we're going to open right now is
individual frequencies.
One of the things that
the government has tested,
DARPA had a project
some years ago,
and I was involved
in it, in studying
frequencies, human frequencies.
And they determined
that every single human
has a different frequency.
They generate a
different frequency.
What DARPA was more
interested in is how do we
manipulate those frequencies?
And most of DARPA's
initial research,
once they found
out that everybody
had a different
frequency, was determine
how those frequencies
can be manipulated
in the form of military.
Now if we're going to
attack an opposing army,
Russian soldiers are out there.
We know they all have
different frequencies.
How do we jam those frequencies?
And that's what
DARPA's project was.
And I don't know what
the final outcome
was because it was over
years and years of research.
But one of the things
that they did find out,
DARPA did find out,
scientists, was your frequency
can be manipulated.
If we do certain things
with your frequency,
it can make you act differently.
It can make you sick or
it can make you heal.
A lot of different
things happen.
And I know you know
all about this.
And you know more,
medically speaking,
about the manipulation of the
frequency, of what it does.
But I know DARPA
had that project.
And they experimented with it.
And how I know so much about
it is, I was a guinea pig.
I was one of the ones
that they determined.
I volunteered,
signed papers away.
And they were
manipulating my frequency.
They didn't ever harm me in any
way, but they made me think.
Now one particular
case, I was sitting
in a chair in a closed
encapsulated environment, where
no other outside frequencies
or radio signals could get in.
And they were pinpointing,
they were sending a signal
to my body.
And I had to be completely nude.
I can't-- I had no
clothes on or anything,
which was a little
uncomfortable.
And when they did this,
they were jamming me
with different frequencies.
They would ask me, well,
OK, what do you smell?
What do you taste?
What are you thinking?
And I was.
I was thinking.
They hit me with something,
I was thinking of pine trees.
They hit me something, I was
thinking of smelling roses.
Things like that, so
they could manipulate.
And then they did one
particular one that made me--
visions came to my eyes of
these trees being blown around
like I was in a forest
with heavy winds.
So that's something
that they did.
Never harmed me in any way.
I was always examined
before and after.
But that's one of the ways.
Now, there were others
involved in this program,
and they did a lot of
other different types.
And also animals were involved.
They determined that
animals had frequencies.
And unfortunately, I should say,
some of the more harming tests
were done on animals to
determine how well they could
accept higher frequencies
that might have disrupted
their minds or things like that,
which they never did to humans.
>> What do you feel is
the big push with Congress
and the Senate in getting
disclosure out right now?
>> Well, as we all
know, Congress,
both the Republicans
and Democrats,
agreed on a defense budget.
And in that defense budget was
a Whistleblower Protection Act
and a Disclosure
Act and a procedure
to collect information
on UFOs, UAPs.
So there's procedures
that are set in place.
First time in history
that this has happened.
There's so many people, even
the most hardened, both sides,
Republicans and Democrats both
in the House and the Senate,
that want disclosure.
I hear it.
I've spoken to senators.
I've spoken to
members of Congress.
And they want disclosure.
But they want it in a
logical and orderly way.
And that's what
they're working on.
And I hope that at some point
in the very near future,
that disclosure will happen.
>> I hope so too, Rick.
And I'm looking forward to that.
Rick, I want to thank you
for being on the show.
>> You're very welcome, Emery.
It was great being here.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]